Focus 1st parent block on block remove, if no previous block is available (#48204)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/data/data-core-block-editor.md

-   _clientId_ `string`: Block client ID.

> ### selectPreviousBlockOrFirstParent

Reviewer: `selectPreviousBlock` is a public API and we can't just rename it. We should either create a new API or introduce a new parameter in the existing one.

Author: Oh yes 🤦🏻

Author: Solved in [fb6660f](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/48204/commits/fb6660f97acbfe6c2ab2f5017243cfe9b29719e3)

### selectPreviousBlock

Yields action objects used in signalling that the block preceding the given

> clientId or it's first parent from bottom to top should be selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
clientId (or optionally, its first parent from bottom to top) should be selected.
```

Want to make clear this is an option.

Also fixes grammar nit.
